




What is this?
This - keyword
this contains current calling object reference.

What is Constructor ? Why we need it?
Constructor is used to initialise the instance variables of a class
Constructor name is same as class name
Constructor not return any thing because it just to initalization
If u write void in front of constructor , so it is become a function.
When u create an object then constructor is called.
Constructor can be overload
Every class has default constructor by default. But if u create any other constructor so the default will be killed. So u need to create both if u want to use both of them.
The default constructor is an empty one , it doesn’t do any thing , if u want to initalize some value , u need to do explictly.

Example:

A) OOPS
 SOLID
 S - SRP Single Responsibility Principle
Why we use static methods?
What is import static
Can we have static class
Why main method is static

Answer
a) What is 
b) Why 
c) How		


Instance Variables vs Static Variables

What is Access Modifers

Class RelationShips

UML Class Diagrams
Association , Aggegration, Generalisation, Specialisation , Realization



What is OOPS Principles -
a) Class
b) Object
c) Encapsulation - binding data members and functions in a single unit and that unit is called class.
Good Encapsulation - private data members and public functions and bind in a single unit.
d) Data Hiding - e.g private 
Access Modifiers
i) private - with in the class.
ii) default - with in the package access
iii) protected - with in the package and outside the package using inheritance
iv) public- inside & outside the package.
e) Polymorphism - One thing having several forms
A) Overloading - Constructor Overloading & Method Overloading
B) Overriding 
f) Abstraction - Show Essentials
Abstract class and Interfaces





Overloading 




b) Logic - Array, Recursion, Strings, LinkedList - Question 
Per Topic 20 Questions Self Try
Concept Stack, Queue, Tree

c) DB - DBMS + SQL


Java - a) Primitive Data Types

OOP
Object - Instance of a class
Object = State (data) + Methods

What is Class?
BluePrint / Template

